Emit deprecation warning for duplicate files with default duplicate strategy (#10865)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/upgrading_version_5.adoc

These methods currently do not work as expected.
They are being deprecated to avoid confusion.

==== Copy or archive duplicate paths without explicitly specifying a duplicates strategy has been deprecated

> Copy and archive tasks default to the `INCLUDE` duplicates strategy, allowing the same path to be copied multiple times to the destination or to exist multiple times in an archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Archive tasks `Tar` and `Zip` by default allow multiple entries for the same path to exist in the created archive.
These https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/9990["grossly invalid zip files" can trigger zip bomb detection].
To prevent this from happening accidentally encountering duplicates while creating an archive now produces a deprecation message, and will fail the build starting with Gradle 7.0.

Note that copy tasks also happily copy multiple sources with the same relative path to the destination directory.
That behavior has also been deprecated.
```

Author: Done.

Trying to copy or archive duplicate paths without explicitly specifying a duplicates strategy is now deprecated.
This is to prevent user from accidentally creating https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/9990["grossly invalid zip files" that trigger zip bomb detection].

> If you still want to allow them, you can specify that explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to allow duplicates, you can specify that explicitly:
```

I think "still" carries a kind of condescending tone here without adding anything, so I'd remove it.
Replacing "them" with specific noun to make it easier to understand it without having to read through the previous sentences.

Author: Done.
